update(v6-migration): clarify dataDirs usage with linking updates (#61)
cross-seed/cross-seed.org: docs/v6-migration.md

#### Data-based Matching Use Cases

> Because of the above updates to linking, we recommend that you **exclusively**
> use `torrentDir` and leave `dataDirs` empty, except for two specific use-cases 
> below. Torrent based matching is more robust, and prevents some performance issues 
> with `dataDirs` wherein `cross-seed` has to frequently scan your `dataDirs` and 
> all of their children for changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the linking updates mentioned, we recommend using **ONLY** `torrentDir` and
leaving `dataDirs` empty, except in the two cases outlined below. Torrent based
matching is more robust, and prevents some performance issues with `dataDirs`
wherein `cross-seed` has to frequently scan your `dataDirs` and all of their
children for changes.
```
Does this keep it as clear? Minor language changes.
